Internationalization readme update (#3731)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: README.md

### Inline React Components

Occasionally you may require additional functionality that is outside of the scope of basic
markdown. React components can be used inline in existing markdown documents as a solution, allowing
you to render custom elements. This is currently the strategy used to
[retrieve live on-chain values](https://github.com/w3f/polkadot-wiki/blob/master/components/RPC-Connection.jsx)
and display them directly in the docs without the need to recompile or even reload the web app using
RPCs. Examples of existing React components used in this project can be found
[here](https://github.com/w3f/polkadot-wiki/tree/master/components). It is important to try and
reuse existing components as much as possible instead of creating new ones to keep the code lean and
comprehensive. If you are looking to invoke and embed data from 3rd party APIs or sources, checkout
the
[Http-Request-Sample component](https://github.com/w3f/polkadot-wiki/blob/master/components/Http-Request-Sample.jsx).

## Internationalization

> | :exclamation: Currently the Wiki is being reorgnaized and updated, during this time we will not be prioritizing translations. |

Reviewer: Rephrasing a bit to encourage translations after the Wiki is revamped

```suggestion
| :exclamation: Currently the Wiki is being reorgnaized and updated. It is recommended to resume working on translations after the Wiki revamp is completed. |
```
